so if the papers are to be believed
we've got something of a German invasion
coming to old trafford so we've looked
at the players and other people that
have been linked to us and done a bit of
research you don't get fifty thousand
subscribers without doing a bit of
research so first on our list Marco
Roy's 24 year old winner loads of skill
loads of speed and a player who there is
a space for in our squad if you look at
the other big clubs in Europe they've
all got winners Chelsea I've got hazard
and and so on at the other clubs we have
space for him if he wants to come does
he we don't know but we do know these
are quotes from an executive at Borussia
Dortmund that he possesses a release
clause option in his current contract at
the club and he could leave due to that
clause however he is the only player in
their first team that has such a clause
the value of that clause is belief about
twenty nine million quid which when you
consider the the fees that players go
for these days that's been the bargain
isn't 20 million pounds for an
extraordinary talent and also 24 it's a
lots of life left in him could it happen
well the fact that we've mentioned we do
have space for a winger I mean with
crying out for a talented winger aren't
we and in our squadron Yanis a really so
definitely could happen will happen
we'll have to wait to the summer but he
has been linked on a number of occasions
now next player song we spoken up quite
a lot recently ill Keg undergone an
exceptional central midfielder he's only
23 so very young and inked already so
talented could it happen definitely his
contract runs out in the summer he has
said he's gonna review his options he is
thinking about leaving Dortmund it looks
like it probably will happen will he
come to us is the question obviously
that we want answered
quite possibly however round Madrid have
first refusal on the player as part of a
deal Dortmund and Madrid have that they
negotiated when they negotiate a deal
for Nuri Sahin between the clubs and so
unfortunately they have first chance and
the other the other thing about guns
again is that he hasn't played the
season he's picked three games because
he has a serious back injury that's not
ideal obviously but if we don't get guns
again another player that we could have
who has been linked to us an awful lot
is Tony Cruz we know Moyes has been to
watch him in Germany they've talked
about us in build
everyone's had a build
they've mentioned that United after him
but there is a strong possibility that
Cruz is using us because he's after a
new contract and he wants a lot more
money his agent has come and said Cruz
should be getting as much money is the
other top onus at Munich and he
currently isn't so maybe he does want to
come but maybe it's just hey look
they're interested just give me some
more money
classic Wayne Rooney tactic but how good
is Tony Cruz exceptional if you watch
the Arsenal Munich game you know how
good he is he had more himmat he made
more passes than anybody else during
that game was about 166 and his past
accuracy was 97% just exceptional
compare that to Arsenal's top play on
the day Jack Wilshere 6633 passes 66% of
the more accurate doesn't appear does it
so we would love Tony Cruz I mean he's
been compared to push goals but he's the
best thing anybody could tear about any
human on the planet
it's obviously not as good as Porsche
goals nobody ever will be so that's
possible and a final one that has been
linked to us he is now second favorite
to take the job after David Moyes as
manager of Manchester United Jurgen
Klopp Dortmund has suddenly so popular
over football fans around the globe
because if a young players and they face
such a nice style of football and yo and
clop is the man behind that he has
recently said he would be willing to
leave bro see at Dortmund I've got that
a quote here so you do our research we
do our research so he could leave he was
asked about the German national team and
said he would be up for leaving Doolin
one day and as I say he's now second
favorite to replace David Moyes so what
do you think about that which German
player would you like to see join United
in my head Tony Cruz is the stand that
option I mean as good as Marco Reus and
Gooden again are if you look at the
shape of our team and where we need
improving Tony Cruz is the man to do
isn't he it would cost about 40 million
but I think there'll be money well spent
please let us know what you think write
down below who did like us to sign is
there a player here that you think
actually why are we bothering with them
a terrible idea what do you think about
Jurgen Klopp is it a fad or do you
genuinely think that's a man who could
help us please comment please share this
video share with your friends get the
debate going like it and subscribe to
full time doubles because it's lot more
of this thank you very much